Voice&Vision AI Keeping your information safe

We make it a priority to use our security tools to keep your identity and your information safe.
What we do to protect you ?
We will never ask you to provide confidential information through text or email.
If you receive an email or text with a request for this information from someone claiming to be a representative of the company, please do not respond. Please be sure to delete the email and do not click on any of the provided links.
If you received email(s) that look suspicious and appear to be from Voice&Vision AI, please inform us by sending mail to : Voiceandvision.AI@gmail.com

We will never call you and ask you to read back a One Time Passcode that was emailed or texted to you.
If you receive a phone call requesting this information from someone claiming to be a representative of the company, please do not read the pass code. The one time password (OTP) is being sent only to your mail or Mobile phone – no one at the company should be exposed to this OTP.
What you can do to protect yourself? 
You must be aware of a common fraudulent practice
•	Identity Theft :   Identity theft occurs when someone uses your personal information, such as your name, Social Security number, or credit card number, without your permission, to commit fraud or other crimes. The Federal Trade Commission has online guidance about the steps consumers can take to protect themselves against identity theft. You can access their site at this ID Theft Resource Center : https://www.idtheftcenter.org/
•	Phishing :  Fraudsters will try to gain information that gives them access to your accounts in a number of deceitful ways including: emailing you messages intended to attract you and get you to click on a fake website, or texting messages intended to alarm you and get you to call fake call centers. In some instances, clicking the link opens the phone, tablet, or laptop to malware, which allows the fraudster access to the device. In other instances, the link prompts a website or a phone call where the fraudsters pretend to be a legitimate business, like Microsoft, Amazon, or Google, and ask for personal information they can later use to access accounts or open new fraudulent accounts. We will never ask you to provide confidential information through text or email. If you receive a request for this information from someone claiming to be a representative of the company, please do not respond.
If you think you are a victim of identity theft, take the next steps:
•	Update all your passwords in the sensitive accounts
•	Report suspected identity theft to the Federal Trade Commission (https://www.ftc.gov/ )
•	File a police report with local law enforcement.
•	Place a fraud alert on your credit file by contacting one of the three nationwide consumer reporting agencies listed below.

	Equifax
www.equifax.com
	Experian
www.experian.com
	Transunion
Fraud Victim Assistance Division
www.transunion.com

Online personal and account protection tips :
•	Make sure your surf only in secure sites (they have "https" in their url address)
•	Wherever it possible – set malty factor authentication
•	Make sure to set a complicated passwords: at list one capital letter, numbers, signs and at list 10 characters long. 
•	Store your Social Security card, passport, birth certificate, cards, checks, and other identification in a secure location and carry them only when you need them.
•	Be careful how you share information over the phone, in person, online, and on social media platforms.
•	Collect your mail promptly and shred pre-approved credit offers, receipts, and other documents that contain your personal information.

Your Privacy center
Keeping your privacy-is our priority. You can learn more about our privacy policy and security features work to protect your secure.
Your information
The information we collect from and about you is used to underwrite your request, to evaluate the risks in the project and to improve our services and your digital experience on our digital web process. This process is complied with legal and regulatory requirements. We may use this information to process requests or transactions, or to verify your identity and the company details and history. We also collect information to provide you updates on your project, inform you about the status and even to recognize you when you return to our sites.
How we collect your information?
We collect both personal (e.g., name, mailing or email address, telephone number(s), account number(s) and non-personal (e.g., IP address, browser and/or device information, including location) information. We collect information you provide directly to us on our online web process. Information is also collected in an automated fashion, through your browser, cookies, pixel tags, clear gifs, web beacons, flash cookies, and other technologies.
How we use your information?
We use this information to increase your service and experience on our online sites, process your requests, transactions, applications, and inquiries.  It is also used to verify your identity and provide you with location-based services.
How we share your information?
If you are Voice&Vision AI customer, we may share personal information we collect about you with our service providers, affiliates, joint marketers, and non-affiliated third parties in accordance with our Privacy Notice and your preferences.
How we protect your information?
We use security measures that comply with regulation and privacy law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files. Only employees, companies that work on our behalf, and other parties, as required or permitted by law, are allowed access to your information. Use this link if you would like to review or download a copy of our:
Privacy Policy



