
	


Voice&Vision AI Website terms and conditions of use
 

1.	About these terms
1.1	These terms and conditions of use (Terms) explain how you may use this website and any of its content (Site). These Terms apply between (Voice&Vision AI, we, us or our) and any users (User, you or your). 
1.2	You should read these Terms carefully before using the Site. By using the Site or otherwise indicating your consent, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree with any of these Terms, you should stop using the Site immediately.
1.3	The Site is for commercial use only. If you are not 18 years old and/or are visiting this Site for personal or domestic use and/or are not acting on your capacity as a professional or representative of a professional or entity and have the legal authority to bind them, you should also stop using the Site immediately. 
1.4	These Terms apply to any parts of the Site, its functionality and content provided to you free of charge for information purposes only. These Terms, together with our privacy policy and cookie policy govern our relationship with you in relation to this Site.
	
2 	About us
2.1	We are Voice&Vision.ai  , an AI and Technology company that provides AI agents and 
2.2	If you have any questions about the Site, please contact us by:
  	
a)	sending an email to VoiceandVision.AI@gmail.com  
b)	filling out and submitting the online form available here (place-holder) , or
	
3 	Using the site
3.1	The Site is for commercial use only. 
3.2	You agree that you are solely responsible for all costs and expenses you may incur in relation to your use of the Site.
3.3	We make no promise that the Site is appropriate or available for use in locations outside of Spain. If you choose to access the Site from locations outside Spain, you acknowledge you do so at your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws where they apply.
3.4	As a condition of your use of the Site, you agree not to:
a)	misuse or attack our Site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or any other material which is malicious or technologically harmful (such as by way of a denial-of-service attack), or
b)	attempt to gain unauthorized access to our Site, the server on which our Site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our Site.
3.5	We may prevent or suspend your access to the Site if you do not comply with these Terms or any applicable law.

4 	Registration and password security
4.1	Use of the Site may require registration, particularly to access restricted areas of the Site. 
4.2	The passwords assigned to the User for access to his/her restricted areas shall be personal and non-transferable. 
4.3	The transfer of passwords to third parties, even temporarily, is not permitted. 
4.4	It is important that the User keeps his/her password secret. 
4.5	In the event that the User knows or suspects the loss, theft or use of his/her password by third parties, he/she must inform Voice&Vision AI as soon as possible. 
4.6	Voice&Vision AI assumes that whoever accesses the restricted areas is at all times the registered User. Therefore, any action, request and/or contract made through the restricted areas will be made on behalf of the registered User. 
4.7	The User shall be liable for the costs and damages caused by the use of the Site by any third party who uses a password for this purpose due to a non-diligent use or loss of the same by the User.
4.8	We are not obliged to permit anyone to register with the Site and we may refuse, terminate or suspend registration to anyone at any time.
4.9	If we have reason to believe there is likely to be a breach of security or misuse of the Site through your account or the use of your password, we may notify you and require you to change your password, or we may suspend or terminate your account.
4.10	 Any personal information you provide to us as part of the registration process will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy available at [insert link].
	
5 	Infringing content
5.1	We will use reasonable efforts to delete accounts which are being used in an inappropriate manner or in breach of these Terms; and identify and remove any content that is inappropriate, defamatory or infringes intellectual property rights when we are notified.
5.2	If you believe that any content which is distributed or published by the Site is inappropriate, defamatory or infringing on intellectual property rights, you should contact us immediately by : VoiceandVision.AI@gmail.com
	
6 	Your privacy and personal information
6.1	Your privacy and personal information are important to us. Any personal information that you provide to us will be dealt with in line with our Privacy Policy available at [insert link], which explains what personal information we collect from you, how and why we collect, store, use and share such information, your rights in relation to your personal information and how to contact us and supervisory authorities in the event you have a query or complaint about the use of your personal information.

7 	Ownership, use and intellectual property rights
7.1	The intellectual property rights in the Site and in any text, images, video, audio or other multimedia content, software or other information or material submitted to or accessible from the Site (Content) are owned by us and our licensors.
7.2	We and our licensors reserve all our intellectual property rights (including, but not limited to, all copyright, trademarks, domain names, design rights, database rights, patents and all other intellectual property rights of any kind) whether registered or unregistered anywhere in the world. This means, for example, that we remain owners of them and are free to use them as we see fit.
7.3	Nothing in these Terms grants you any legal rights in the Site or the Content other than as necessary for you to access it. You agree not to adjust, try to circumvent, or delete any notices contained on the Site or the Content (including any intellectual property notices) and in particular, in any digital rights or other security technology embedded or contained within the Site or the Content. It is particularly strictly prohibited to:
(i)	reproduce, modify, adapt, distribute, distribute, publicly represent and disseminate the Site and all of its Content, except with the prior express authorization of Voice&Vision AI;
(ii)	decompile and reverse engineer the Site or any of its Content;
(iii)	extract or attempt to extract (in particular by using data mining robots or similar data collection tools) a substantial part of the data on the Site.
7.4	Use by you of any trademarks on the Site or in the Content is strictly prohibited unless you have our prior written permission.
	
8 	Accuracy of information and availability of the site
8.1	We try to make sure that the Site is accurate, up-to-date and free from bugs, but we cannot promise that it will be. Furthermore, we cannot promise that the Site will be fit or suitable for any purpose. Any reliance that you may place on the information on the Site is at your own risk.
8.2	We may suspend or terminate access or operation of the Site at any time as we see fit.
8.3	Any Content is provided for your general information purposes only and to inform you about us and our products and news, features, services and other websites that may be of interest, but has not been tailored to your specific requirements or circumstances. It does not constitute an offer and/or technical, financial or legal advice or any other type of advice and should not be relied on for any purposes. You should always use your own independent judgment when using our Site and its Content.
8.4	While we try to make sure that the Site is available for your use, we do not promise that the Site will be available at all times or that your use of the Site will be uninterrupted.

9	Hyperlinks and third-party sites
9.1	The Site may contain hyperlinks or references to third party advertising and websites other than the Site. Any such hyperlinks or references are provided for your convenience only. We have no control over third party advertising or websites and accept no legal responsibility for any content, material or information contained in them. 
9.2	The display of any hyperlink and reference to any third-party advertising or website does not mean that we endorse that third party’s website, products or services. Your use of a third-party site may be governed by the terms and conditions of that third-party site and is at your own risk.

10	Our responsibility to you
10.1	 If we breach these Terms or are negligent, we are liable to you for foreseeable loss or damage that you suffer as a result. By ‘foreseeable’ we mean that, at the time these Terms were formed, it was either clear that such loss or damage would occur or you and we both knew that it might reasonably occur, as a result of something we did (or failed to do).
10.2	 We are not liable to you for any loss or damage that was not foreseeable, any loss or damage not caused by our breach or negligence, or any business loss or damage.
10.3	 In any case, and regardless of the cause whatsoever, we don’t accept any liability whatsoever for any indirect damage and/or loss of profits. 
10.4	Nothing in these terms excludes or limits our liability for any death or personal injury caused by our negligence, liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that the applicable law does not allow us to exclude or limit.

11	Variation
11.1	No changes to these Terms are valid or have any effect unless agreed by us in writing or made in accordance with this clause.
11.2	We reserve the right to vary these Terms from time to time. Our updated Terms will be displayed on the Site and by continuing to use and access the Site following such changes, you agree to be bound by any variation made by us. It is your responsibility to check these Terms from time to time to verify such variations.

12	Complaints
12.1	 We will try to resolve any disputes with you quickly and efficiently. If you are unhappy with us, please contact us as soon as possible using the contact details set out at the top of this page.
12.2	 The laws of Spain apply to these Terms.







